[Music]
how's it going everyone this video is
going to be part two in my daily profile
series and it will be focused on New
York reversal now if you haven't already
watched part one in this series make
sure to go check that out and that will
be focused on London reversal let's get
into the PDF and get started so here we
are in the PDF and this is the sessions
or the kill zones so you can see we have
Asia London New York a. and then New
York p.m. right we are going to filter
that out to just focusing on London and
then the New York am session I will
specifically be focusing on London and
then New York am for the indices so what
is the New York reversal well it's going
to be a candle that looks similar to
this we'll have an open high low close
and then open low high close how this
differs from a London reversal is that
London never reached a relevant PD aray
so when it went open high into London we
never reached a PD array to form the
reversal so then we go higher until New
York to form the reversal so here we are
with a bullish New York reversal and you
can see London moves lower never reaches
a relevant higher time frame level we
continue to retrace into New York where
we reach that higher time frame key
level then we have the change in the
state of delivery and then the move
higher similarly with the bearish New
York reversal London retraces in in New
York we hit that higher time frame key
level have the change in the state of
delivery and then we continue lower so
let's hop into trading view to go over a
few examples of this so here we are in
trading View and the level I'm going to
Mark out here is this previous day low
that will be our sells side liquidity if
you notice here London we do reach lower
and move higher but we never reach a
relevant higher time frame level as we
get into New York what happens well we
go and reach this higher time frame
level so now what am I looking for a
change in the state of delivery so
marking out this series of down closed
candles here this would be our change in
the state of delivery let's see what
happens we fail to change the state of
delivery here which gives me the
indication we're going to move lower to
either make a new low or at least down
into this Wick here let's see what
happens here we make a new low so now
where is our new series of down Clos
candles right here you see how that also
lines up with New York open or an
important time level so now let's see
what
happens here we get the closure over so
then I would be looking to frame a trade
after we close over my stop could be on
the low but just looking to Target all
these failure swings up here doesn't
really make sense in terms of risk to
reward so I'll put it at the bottom of
this order block here let's see how this
works out and there we go we continue
higher taking out all these failures
swings so you can see if bullish and
with London we just retrace lower into
the higher time frame level at New York
that is what frames the New York
reversal and you can see looking at all
these highs up here we have a bunch of
low resistance liquidity to run through
that is how we get that aggressive move
after the change in the state of
delivery let's go ahead and look at
another example so here we are with our
next example and let's go ahead and take
a look here you can see in London we do
form that low so that looks like a
London reversal right but wait let's
look to the left a little we ever reach
a higher time frame level no we are just
creating more equal lows or more
liquidity down here but this is going to
be a fake change in the state of
delivery to then go run the lows again
when should this occur well ideally
around the New York opening times but
now that we purge these lows down here
I'm looking left and what do I see
failure swing failure swing failure
swing right so we have all these highs
lined up here now what I can do is if I
know what I'm going to be framing I know
currently the M15 changing the state of
delivery would be here but I can also go
down to a lower time frame to see what I
see let's see what happens here we get
another run lower so there's no setup
yet okay here you can see we sweep a low
can't close below that's at New York
open right so New York open makes the
opposing move New York open would also
be the order block that would be formed
if we get a close over now with this
close over I can look to take an entry
my stop on the low and what am I
targeting well you see all these failure
swings here and up there so London and
Asia highs I could look to Target there
take some off here take some off at
midnight with such a high R trade
doesn't really matter where I take
partials as long as it's over two R for
me but here we hit midnight and we run
through that high there so you can see
it looked like a London reversal but we
never engaged a higher time frame PD
array so then it is actually a New York
reversal to go run out these highs let's
go into another example so here we are
with our next example let's go ahead and
work this top down what do you see here
we're currently respecting the lower
half of this Wick right and the
consequent encroachment of it what do we
notice here we close back inside the
previous candle's high and what do we
form a bearish reversal candle so being
bearish the next day I want to see what
open high low close let's go down to the
30 minute chart or the 15minute chart to
confirm this using daily profile so here
we open the new day let's see what
happens in London right that's what's
important between 2 to 5 do we see
London form a high here for a London
reversal to continue lower no we do not
right it is just Trading higher so as we
get into the New York session let's see
what happens make a move higher and we
get displacement down this series of up
closed candles here it's a little messy
we can go out to the 30 minute here we
have a series of up closed candles Mark
that out that is our change in the state
of delivery intraday or an order block
and what do we have resting here failure
swings from Asia and London I could look
to take a trade here with either my stop
on this high or above the order block
and then targeting this low for 2.65 R
let's see how that works out can see
midnight offering support here in what
just opened 8:30 if we're going to get
this move back up I'd like to see at at
830 making an opposing run to form a new
order block right there what do we see
well we get we hit our TP after getting
tagged in but we also form a new order
block so let's see what happens here
right we wanted to take another trade or
just let it go we'll just see how it
works out you see how it's also lined up
with 830 and midnight so we have quite a
few overlapping confluences and there we
go right so that would be our propulsion
Block it's an order block built off an
order block but I hope you can see how
we went through we realized it wasn't a
London reversal because London is
continuing higher this important level
we hit was forming the wick right on the
daily chart you can see we didn't have a
wick prior to that and we reach in to
this previous range here so then we use
that to frame trades lower getting the
New York reversal for a continuation
lower let's go through a couple more
examples so in this next example here
we're going to be talking about framing
a trade off of external liquidity and
then the continuation that follows you
can see here we have a range and here is
the Range High and then we can consider
any of these for the range low but I
will use the most current swing low here
so dropping down to the next day let's
see what we can use with daily profile
on this high so here we are with the
15minute chart so let's see what happens
so here in London what happens well we
sweep out this low and form a low so
likely to continue where continue higher
to this high right so now you can see
New York open makes an opposing run
continues higher and now we're taking
all the liquidity from that previous
day's
high now what do we get an aggressive
move out and then back into the range
what is this a change in the state of
delivery so if I wanted to play the
reversal day here we have the buildup of
low resistance liquidity down here we
have session lows so I could look to
take an entry here my stop above the
order block Target 2 R right in here and
let's see if this works
out you can see we didn't get tagged in
before it went and that is okay now
since that is the reversal day let's go
back out to the Daily now what do we
notice out here on the daily chart you
can see we had a range we swept out one
side of that range we have low
resistance liquidity resting here as you
can see we have previous days lows lined
up and then this candle is a bearish
reversal candle and where does it close
inside previous day's high so with that
all put together I'm anticipating an
open high low close so let's drop down
to the 15minute chart to confirm this
down here on the 15-minute chart I want
to go through London and see what it did
so looking at London did it form any
significant High to trade off of in New
York no we actually swept London's High
here so I'm anticipating what a New York
reversal as I'm still bearish so as I
come into the New York session what
times am I looking at 8:30 9:30 10 right
so what happens at 8:30 8:30 you can see
we get manipulation up and then we
displace and close lower now there's a
lower time frame entry in there trading
view just doesn't let me go back lower
on that time frame but we could also see
what happens with the 15minute chart
here once they close below what do we
see well we'd want to see previous day
low taken as well as these lows here so
let's see how that works
out and there we go and if you notice
830 offers an entry 8:30 manipulation
9:30 continuation similar to London and
New York what happens at 9:30 here well
you can see with this Wick New York
makes an opposing run up to sweep out
some of these highs that's lower time
frame order block formation to then
continue lower and we take out these
lows so we form our open high low close
and if we let this play out what happens
we get more of a continuation lower and
we come back inside the range to close
let's take a look at one more final
example so here we are on the hourly
chart for ES and what do we see well we
see we have a reversal here we also had
smt at these highs and we have low
resistance liquidity resting here and
then we have an order block here right
this swept out all these lows into the
Gap displacement and close over now if
you want to really refine this down what
can you see well you can see from this
high here go ahead and Mark it out to
this low there's a gap right what does
that mean that means that there is a
higher time frame imbalance right here
so with that idea in mind let's drop
into the charts and kind of combine two
different profiles so as we drop down to
the 15-minute chart here let's see what
London
does you can see with London we take out
this previous high now we have an up
close candle here let's go ahead and
zoom in and so if we get a closure below
here that is a change in the state of
delivery for London to trade off of in
New York now you might be
saying why am I looking for this for a
New York reversal video well let's just
take a look here so we are getting that
continuation lower off of London's range
right but what happens is we reach our
time frame objective right so fixing our
time here I had it on the wrong setting
you can see 8:30 was the manipulation up
New York we get a manipulation down
that's what the wick is Right a move
down and then back up so this is
actually a London reversal but then can
also be framed as a New York reversal so
let's
see right here New York makes the
opposing run lower into the objective
then we close over so this order block
entry in here would be valid to Target
where the highs right we have equal
highs up here so looking at something
like this how does it work out there it
goes right so this is just one example
from the previous video that I wanted to
expand on but you can see we hit the
higher time frame objective and then
that is used to frame a New York
reversal higher now I hope you found
this video helpful if you did please
consider liking and subscribing and I'll
see you guys in the next one have a good
one